[SOUND] The algorithms we study
this week have one common property.
This property is the fact that they treat
the decision process, be it decision
process or something else, as a black box,
or well, almost always a black box.
You do take account for the fact that you
have to take states, produce probabilities
of actions and so on, so there's this
iterative structure of the process.
But otherwise, the assumption for example,
is not that widely used as we
will use it later in this course.
Basically, you can think of it as a,
again, black box family of algorithms.
So, you have this decision process here,
or any process.
And you have all those things,
actions, rewards.
Rewards from the whole
trajectory in this process.
Now the way you think of it is as
some kind of box to which you feed
the parameters of your policy.
Maybe ways of a neural network which
constitutes your agent's probability,
action probability distribution,
or a table of probabilities for
every possible state,
if there is a fleet amount of them.
Anything you can think of, and then
this box spits out the expected reward.
Or just reward from one of
several trajectories averaged.
Now since we don't actually require
that much from this process,
can think you can make this next step and
assume it's a black box.
So you have a black box which
takes a vector of weights.
You can just draw a few inputs for every
respective weight here probabilities.
It spits out one number, and
you want to tune these inputs to
get the output number as large
as possible in expectation.
And again the method basically
does this very thing.
Maybe not exactly black box but
it is almost so.
And the method we're going to start
right now, or to be more accurate,
a family of methods,
the so-called evolution strategies.
Now counterintuitively, they only have
a little bit to do with actual biological
evolution, but get another method like.
Now the idea behind them is, the first
thing you have to do is you have to define
a distribution, probability distribution,
over inputs to your black box,
which takes parameters
that produce the reward.
So if you use a distribution,
if you remember for each state.
You have to feed it one number per
particular action in a particular state.
So it's the number of states
times the numbers of actions.
Minus one if you are purely mathematical.
And in case you are using a neural
network, say 100 neurons followed by yet
another 100 neurons, then you have
to store, in this case at least,
100 squared numbers, which
are the weights of this neural network.
So what you do is you define them
via some kind of distribution.
For example,
the fully factorized normal distribution.
So you have 10,000 weights.
What you do is you have 10,000
means of those respective weights.
And you have 10,000 weight wise variances,
the sigma squares.
You could of course use
any other distribution.
For example, you could use not the fully
factorized norma distribution,
but the actual.
And some weight, variances,
the sigma squares.
You could, of course, use not the fully
factorized normal distribution but
the actual mandates and,
weight wise, kind of variant.
The algorithm of course
using other distribution,
using not the fully facotrized normal
distribution but the actual mandates.
And you could use not the The algorithm
of course [INAUDIBLE] use not
the [INAUDIBLE] and [INAUDIBLE].
The algorithm of course using
any other distribution,
using not the normal distribution but
the actual mandates.
and [INAUDIBLE] [INAUDIBLE]
the sigma squareds.
The algorithm of course
using other distribution.
Use not the [INAUDIBLE] as
a normal distribution but
the actual [INAUDIBLE] sigma squares.
[INAUDIBLE] Weight wise kind of variant.
The algorithm [INAUDIBLE] you could
of course use any other distribution.
Use not the normal distribution but
the actual mandates.
You could [INAUDIBLE] squares.
[INAUDIBLE] You could of course
use any other distribution.
The algorithms [INAUDIBLE]
used not the [INAUDIBLE] and
normal distribution but
the actual [INAUDIBLE] fully factorized
[INAUDIBLE] sigma squares.
[FOREIGN] And of course, using any other
[INAUDIBLE] the algorithm [INAUDIBLE] and
weight wise kind of [INAUDIBLE]
normal distribution but
the actual amount of fully factorized
[INAUDIBLE] the sigma squares.
[FOREIGN] The algorithm [INAUDIBLE]
and weight wise kind of [INAUDIBLE]
but the actual [INAUDIBLE]
the sigma squares.
The sigma squares.
Well, of course,
use any other distribution [FOREIGN].
The algorithm is [INAUDIBLE]
normal distribution but
the actual amount
[INAUDIBLE] weight wise iii.
[FOREIGN] Well of course
using other distribution.
[SOUND]